# TradeoTaskSeniorQA
Task for SeniorQA role assigned after first interview with Tradeo.

This TradeoSeleniumJBehaveTests project is implementation of Tradeo's interview task as specified in this Kanbanchi project: https://kanban-chi.appspot.com/dashboard/6517313572962304/d-6517313572962304/c-6243307263361024

Eclipse project has been created: entire folder SelmJBvTests.
Kanbanchi board was used to plan and track work done on project. See https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B0lYcKokFdbrY0hzb3pOT0M5RWc/view?usp=sharing

Project demonstrates usage and simplistic configuration of Jbehave with Selenium WebDriver to allow automation of tests for the CopyTrader functionality of https://tradeo.com website.
IMPORTANT: Real, non-demo user accounts have been used to test website, which requires website maintenance to delete all 3 users mentioned in .txt file attached to Kanbanchi card "Make & support Test ideas list".

#Toolage <--> versions used:
Eclipse <--> Neon Release (4.6.0)
JBehave <--> jbehave-web-distribution-3.5.5
Reflections <--> reflections-0.9.8.jar
Javassist <--> javassist-3.18.0-ga.jar
Selenium server standalone jar <--> selenium-server-standalone-2.53.1.jar
ChromeDriver <--> chromedriver.2.21_win32.zip

All tools archives, except Eclipse, can be found in project's resources sub-folder.

#To run project:
1. Clone project from git repository.
2. Import project into Eclipse instance.
3. Add to project buld path all archives in resource folder, except ChromeDriver.
4. Put ChromeDriver archive into folder with close-to-root path.
5. Edit class CoreStory->method createAndStartService()->line "System.setProperty("webdriver.chrome.driver", "C:/selenium/chromedriver.exe");" and change path to folder with close-to-root path, including chromedriver.exe in it.
6. In Eclipse packageviewer expand package main.java.com.tradeo.tests.stories and right-click on class CopyATrader.java ---> JUnit start to execute the copy_a_trader.story, logging resuts as .txt file and xml view into autogenerated folder target, and also loggs outup to IDE's Console.
7. Any loggings, as well as eventual exceptions, would be outup into Eclipse's Console as well.

#TODOs:
- Fix configuration of ChromeDriver to use project workspace related path to chromedriver executable: important
- Make external users configuration, or implement usage of Examples tables in tests calling user login functionality: important
- Iimplement steps for automating all stories in project: good to have
- Mavenise project: not critical
- Improve project structure and Javadoc: not critical
